my friends my name is Mai today we are
in my mother garden picking friend
zucchini for today's recipe
today we are cooking a delicious Korean
list with mix right and vegetable call
bibimbap the ingredients you will need
are shiitake mushroom soy sauce sesame
oil like white onion soy bean sprouts
sesame oil and soy sauce spinach sesame
oil and soy sauce brown beef sesame oil
sugar garlic cloves and soy sauce carrot
little kitty for mom garden and kosher
salt dry Kiwi a for the beating Bob
sauce you will need Korean hot pepper
paste seasoned rice vinegar soy sauce
sesame oil and sesame seeds now we're
going to slide all vegetables so talking
mushrooms
zucchini
call it closed carrot
and see we now blend the soybean sprouts
and spinach
screen any excess water from soybean
sprouts and spindles
isn't that spinach and the soybean
sprout sesame oil
soy sauce sesame oil and soy sauce mix
it together in a loss and keep auto eye
on Heidi's sauteed slide carrots
zucchini mushroom and white onion olive
oil closer shot
zucchini
also stop
why onions mushrooms
soy sauce sesame oil
in the same hand sauté chopped garlic
now beef soy sauce sesame oil and sugar
Friday in a small cup come by Korean hot
pepper paste soy sauce seasoned rice
vinegar and sesame seeds mix it together
now we're going to play all Gideon Bob
season growl be dry tea we can zucchini
mushrooms and white onion soy bean
sprouts Spanish
and fry a and here you have delicious
Korean 15 baht mixed rice and vegetables
we hope you enjoyed watching our video
if you would like this delicious recipe
please visit our website